When I've built up my savings, I'll be able to travel to Mexico.
Wouldn't it be lovely to enjoy a week soaking up the culture?
The plots failed because of some trusted friends of the king.
After the death of the king, everyone wanted to be a king.
War does not bring anything good to the common people.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Typing fast requires focus, rhythm, and accuracy.
Consistency beats intensity in the long run.
Never stop learning, because life never stops teaching.
Happiness is not something ready made, it comes from your actions.
Technology is best when it brings people together.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
The future depends on what you do today.
Do not watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Every moment is a fresh beginning.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Dream big and dare to fail.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Everything you can imagine is real.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Little by little, a little becomes a lot.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.
Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Your limitation—it's only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Success is not for the lazy.
Don't wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.
Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
Don't stop until you're proud.
Strive for progress, not perfection.
The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow.
Little things make big days.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Don't limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
The best revenge is massive success.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk.
Turn your dreams into plans, and your plans into reality.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
If it doesn't challenge you, it won't change you.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Small steps every day add up to big results.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time.
Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
Stay positive, work hard, make it happen.
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Do more than just exist.
Life is short. Do stuff that matters.
